README.md, before:

# Seno Meals App 🍕🍔🍽️

This is the perfect web-based application for you. You can try dishes from different parts of the world. But you can also share dishes from your country, and let others fall in love with your country's cuisine.

## Authors 👨‍💻

- [@Muhammad Ali Akbar](https://github.com/aliakb13)

## Table of Contents 📜

- [Features](#features)
- [Tech Stack](#technologies-used)
- [How to run](#howtorun)

## Features ✨

- Fully Responsive
- Slider
- Accordion

## Tech Stack 🚀

**Client:** Bootstrap

**API:** [The meal db](https://www.themealdb.com/api.php)

## Font and Icons 📚

- [**Font Awesome**](https://fontawesome.com/)
- [**Google Font**](https://fonts.google.com/)

## How to run 🔨

Install my-project with npm

### 1. Clone the repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/aliakb13/country-comparison-app.git
```

### 2. Navigate to the project directory:

```bash
cd meals-fe
```

### 3. You always need for live server

install your favorite live server on your favorite code editor

### 4. Open with live server

Note that the entry point for this project is index.html. Always make sure that you run that file first!

## Demo 🎞️

You can open this website by clicking the following link \*updated Later

Commit message:

docs: change demo link on the docs

README.md, after:

# Seno Meals App 🍕🍔🍽️

This is the perfect web-based application for you. You can try dishes from different parts of the world. But you can also share dishes from your country, and let others fall in love with your country's cuisine.

## Authors 👨‍💻

- [@Muhammad Ali Akbar](https://github.com/aliakb13)

## Table of Contents 📜

- [Features](#features)
- [Tech Stack](#technologies-used)
- [How to run](#howtorun)

## Features ✨

- Fully Responsive
- Slider
- Accordion

## Tech Stack 🚀

**Client:** Bootstrap

**API:** [The meal db](https://www.themealdb.com/api.php)

## Font and Icons 📚

- [**Font Awesome**](https://fontawesome.com/)
- [**Google Font**](https://fonts.google.com/)

## How to run 🔨

### 1. Clone the repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/aliakb13/country-comparison-app.git
```

### 2. Navigate to the project directory:

```bash
cd meals-fe
```

### 3. You always need for live server

install your favorite live server on your favorite code editor

### 4. Open with live server

Note that the entry point for this project is index.html. Always make sure that you run that file first!
OR

### 5. You can just click link on demo

You can opened up the website [here](https://cmlabs-frontend-internship-test-one.vercel.app/) 😄

## Demo 🎞️

You can open this website by clicking the following link https://cmlabs-frontend-internship-test-one.vercel.app/
